American Crew presents selling shave in
the salon environment and performing the
perfect net cleanup as an American Crew
salon men appreciate your focus on their
unique grooming needs you already talked
to him about his styling option but what
about his other grooming habits 90% of
men shave at least once a day so we've
made it easy for you to talk to him
about his shaving regimen while
enhancing your service with an American
crew neck cleaner the American Crew
five-step neck cleanup is the perfect
solution for salons and barbershops
looking to enhance their menu of male
grooming services all it takes is a
couple of warm towels a safety or
feather razor and the right shape
products one to really make his
experience special start him off with an
herbal sensory treatment while he's at
the shampoo bowl place four to six drops
of lubricating shave oil on a warm towel
and rub together to disperse the oil
evenly gently wrap the towel on his face
starting at the chin and leaving the
mouth and nose clear the warm oil towel
is a great way to soothe his senses with
a common herbal sight
once you finished his cut it's time for
the best neck cleanup he's ever had
start by pressing a warm towel to the
perimeter of the hairline on the back of
his neck ask him do you soften your
beard before shaving you should try a
warm towel like I'm doing to soften the
hair and open the pores it will help you
get a closer more comfortable shave next
apply a thin layer of American Crew
precision shave gel over the hair to be
shaved
ask him have you ever tried a non
foaming gel this precision shave gel
works to keep air pockets from forming
between the product and your skin and
helps you get a closer shave without
cuts or nicks it's also great to
recommend to clients that have a goatee
or detailed facial hair and need to see
exactly where they're shaving now use an
American Crew feather razor or other
style razor to eliminate the stray hairs
start at the base of the hairline
angling the razor downward making smooth
short strokes in the direction of the
hair growth the feather razor makes
quick work of removing the hair and is
simple to use if you haven't used a
feather razor or are uncomfortable using
one take a few practice strokes on the
back of your hand or a willing friend to
help put you at ease with this technique
be sure to clean the razor often during
the neck cleanup to prevent buildup on
the blade using a razor instead of a
clipper has many benefits it creates
less debris around the shoulders leaves
less irritation and redness on his neck
and gives him a closer shave that keeps
him feeling good for days he'll also
notice that his neck stays clean longer
between haircuts next press the cool
towel onto the freshly shaved area to
help close the pores wipe up excess
product and clean up stray hairs finish
by applying post-shave cooling lotion
over the shaved area to soothe the skin
and provide extra moisture to the
sensitive area that is often exposed to
the elements
take a few moments to turn this into a
mini neck massage and ask him do you use
a daily moisturizer after shaving did
you know that moisturizing every day
helps keep your skin from premature
aging make sure to show him the product
and try Fanning his neck to heighten the
cooling effect mention if you're not
using a moisturizer on your face poche
cooling lotion is a combination
aftershave an all-day moisturizer that
contains pumpkin seed extract to prevent
redness and irritation and also help to
control oil blood and test the
post-shave cooling lotion so he can
smell the light masculine fragrance and
feel how non greasy and fast absorbing
it is these shave selling tips and
simple net clean-up techniques will make
you the expert in men's grooming that
he'll value for many salon services to
come and make your salon his go-to
destination for the shaving products he
uses every day you can find more
information on the entire lineup of
American Crew quality men's grooming
products at wwm Erica neucom